at that time the Lord said to me
hew for yourself
two tablets of stone like the first and
come up to me on the mountain and make
yourself an ark of wood and I will write
on the tablets the words that were on
the first tablets which you know broke
maybe you shall put them in the ark so I
made an ark of acacia wood huge two
tablets of stone like the first and went
up the mountain
having the two tablets in my hand and he
wrote on the tablets according to the
first writing the Ten Commandments which
the Lord had spoken to you in the
mountain from the midst of the fire in
the day of the assembly and the Lord
gave them to me
then I turned and came down from the
mountain and put the tablets in the ark
which I had made and there they are
just as the LORD commanded me now the
children of Israel journeyed from the
wells of Beni jaqen to Missouri where
Aaron died and where he was buried and
Eliezer his son ministered as priest in
his stead
from there they journeyed to good good
and from good goda to Jud Bertha a land
of rivers of water at that time the Lord
separated the tribe of Levi to bear the
Ark of the Covenant of the Lord to stand
before the Lord to minister to him and
to bless in his name to this day
therefore Levi has no portion no
inheritance with his brethren the Lord
is his inheritance just as the Lord your
God promised him
[Music]
as at the first time I stayed in the
mountain 40 days and 40 nights the Lord
also hurt me at that time and the Lord
chose not to destroy then the Lord said
to me arise begin your journey before
the people that they may go in and
possess the land which I swore to their
fathers to give them and now Israel what
does the Lord your God require of you
but to fear the Lord your God to walk in
all his ways and to love him to serve
the Lord your God with all your heart
and with all your soul and to keep the
commandments of the Lord and his
statutes which I command you today for
you are good indeed heaven
and the highest heavens belong to the
Lord your God also the earth with all
that is in it the Lord delighted only in
your father's to love them and he chose
their descendants after them you above
all peoples as it is this day
therefore circumcise the foreskin of
your heart and be stiff necked no longer
for the Lord your God is God of gods and
Lord of lords the Great God mighty and
awesome who shows no partiality nor
takes a bribe he administers justice for
the fatherless and the widow and loves
the stranger giving him food and
clothing therefore
[Music]
love the stranger for you were strangers
in the land of Egypt you shall fear the
Lord your God you shall serve him and to
him you shall hold fast and take oaths
in his name he is your praise and he is
your God who has done for you these
great and awesome things which your eyes
have seen your father's went down to
Egypt with seventy persons and now the
Lord your God has made you as the stars
of heaven in multitude